That was my best friend, Lucas,
when we were kids.
And that was me, Oscar.
We knew exactly what we wanted to do
when we grew up:
Pioneer!
Go to Bethel!
Build Kingdom Halls!
We kept those goals.
And when graduation came,
we were ready.
Our little business needed
just a few more accounts.
Then we’d have enough for us
and to help our families.
Finally!
Day one of the service year
—and two new pioneers!
Where we live, . . .
Please don’t call me ever again!
. . . finding spiritual interest is tough.
We already have cleaners.
Thanks.
And finding enough work
was harder than we thought.
A few months in,
I was sure
Jehovah would help
if we just stuck it out.
Sorry, Oscar.
Can’t make it today.
Something came up.
Lucas.
What came up
was an opportunity for more money,
but at what cost?
Are you quitting, or what?
No, I’m not quitting.
Pioneering or our business?
Neither, but you know the struggle here.
Most brothers can afford
to pioneer for a year, two tops.
Look, it’s not full-time while I’m training.
It’s a backup plan.
So Lucas stopped pioneering?
Maybe he’s right.
He’s just being practical.
I mean, is it wrong to quit
if you think it’s not working?
I struggled with the same question
when I pioneered.
Whatever you decide,
if you can tell Jehovah your reason
with a clean conscience,
then it’s the right decision for you.
Why would I keep going
when it’s so difficult?
“Since all these things
are to be dissolved in this way,
“consider what sort of people
you ought to be
in holy acts of conduct
and deeds of godly devotion.”
It really is “the last days,”
and people need “the good news.”
And they’ll only hear it
if we keep up our “deeds of godly devotion”
as best we can.
I prayed to endure and only stop pioneering
if my circumstances left no other choice.
And I prayed to see the blessings.
And after a while,
I learned that a little perseverance,
with Jehovah’s spirit, can be contagious.
So, what do you want to do
when you grow up?
Pioneer.
And go to Bethel?
Yep!
And then maybe build Kingdom Halls.
You in?
Yeah.